Southern Methodist University will create, expand, and impart knowledge through teaching, research, and service, shaping world changers who contribute to their communities and excel in their professions in a global society. Among its faculty, students, and staff, the University will cultivate principled thought, develop intellectual skills, and promote an environment emphasizing individual dignity and worth. SMU affirms its historical commitment to academic freedom and open inquiry, to moral and ethical values, and to its United Methodist heritage.

SMU embraces excellence, integrity, intellectual freedom, open dialogue, diversity and inclusion.  

Excellence: We cultivate an enduring spirit of inquiry, innovation and creativity, fostering impactful research, inspired teaching and life-long learning. 

Integrity: We value truth and conduct ourselves with honesty and strong moral and ethical principles.

Intellectual freedom: We embrace freedom of ideas and expression.

Open dialogue: We welcome opportunities to exchange diverse perspectives and pledge ourselves to civil discourse.

Diversity and Inclusion: We are all strengthened by different perspectives based on our varied identities and life experiences, and embrace the worth and dignity of all people. SMU students say it well: Every Mustang is valued

LAUNCHING
SMU’S SECOND CENTURY Shaping Leaders for a Changing World
2016-2025 Strategic Plan May 2020
       
SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
The Mission of Southern Methodist University 2 A Message from the President 3 Goals, Objectives, and Metrics
GOAL ONE To enhance the academic quality
and stature of the University 4 GOAL TWO To improve teaching and learning 7 GOAL THREE To strengthen scholarly research,
creative achievement, and opportunities for innovation 9 GOAL FOUR To sustain student development
and a supportive campus experience 11 GOAL FIVE To broaden global perspectives 13 GOAL SIX To increase revenue generation
and promote responsible stewardship of resources 14
Appendix A – The SMU College and Schools 16 Appendix B – Aspirational and Cohort Peer Institutions 17

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 2
THE MISSION OF SOUTHERN METHODIST UNIVERSITY
Southern Methodist University will create, expand, and impart knowledge through teaching, research, and service, shaping world changers who contribute to their communities and excel in their professions in a global society. Among its faculty, students, and staff, the University will cultivate principled thought, develop intellectual skills, and promote an environment emphasizing individual dignity and worth. SMU affirms its historical commitment to academic freedom and open inquiry, to moral and ethical values, and to its United Methodist heritage.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 3
A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT
Southern Methodist University is pleased to present the May 2020 revision of its strategic plan for 2016–2025: Launching SMU’s Second Century. Like the preceding two five-year plans (1996–2000 and 2001–2005) and the 10-year plan (2006–2015),itisgrounded inthevisionandvaluesembodiedintheMasterPlan of 1963. Through these plans, we continue to link our institutional heritage with the opportunities available to the University today and in the future.
The goals and supporting objectives of the previous three plans have helped bring focus and consistency to SMU’s development as one of the leading universities in the nation. To enhance the fundamental strengths of the University – faculty, staff, students, and the resources for instruction, research, and service – SMU has implemented many major advances during the past 25 years, led by its strategic plans. These plans guided two major gift campaigns, The Campaign for SMU: A Time to Lead (1997–2002) and SMU Unbridled: The Second Century Campaign (2008–2015). These campaigns provided crucial enhancements to the entire campus, including new buildings and endowments for scholarships, academic programs, faculty positions, and the campus experience. These fundraising successes also have generated great momentum for SMU’s distinction as a national institution growing in quality and impact.
We are dedicated to providing our students with the opportunity to become society’s innovators, leaders, and informed citizens, as noted in our commitment: World Changers Shaped Here. In addition, resources for faculty for scholarly and creative contributions to society provide the foundation for the continued devel- opment of the University. It is in support of these goals that we share Launching SMU’s Second Century.
Sincerely,
R. Gerald Turner President
 
SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 4
GOAL ONE: TO ENHANCE THE ACADEMIC QUALITY AND STATURE OF THE UNIVERSITY
Objective 1.1 Strengthen the University's ability to recruit, promote, and retain a distinguished, gifted, and diverse faculty.
1.1.1 Increase the number of substantially funded endowed chairs and professorships to 160 by 2025, to comprise one-third of our tenured and tenure-track faculty.
1.1.2 Create a recurring budgetary fund of $1 million to provide for the start-up costs required for recruitment of endowed distinguished senior faculty and exceptional junior faculty.
1.1.3 Reconfigure current faculty positions to develop new joint appointments and create additional joint degree programs.
1.1.4 Make promotion and tenure procedures for University faculty more uniform across all schools and departments; develop college- and school-based applications of terms in the University Policy promotion standards.
1.1.5 Review determinations of cohort and aspirational peer institutions for continued use as guidelines for salaries, benefits, faculty support, and student support. Seek to keep SMU competitive in each area with the midpoint of cohort and aspirational averages as the minimal standard.
1.1.6 Strengthen efforts to add women and minorities to the faculty at all ranks with the goal to exceed the average percentages for each at cohort and aspirational institutions. Continue progress toward gender parity at the full professor rank.
1.1.7 Develop University policies to facilitate spousal and partner hires.
Objective 1.2 Enhance the University's ability to recruit, retain, and graduate academically and creatively gifted undergraduate and graduate students from diverse backgrounds.
1.2.1 Continue to support, as a top priority, the recruiting, admission, and enrollment of high-achieving undergraduate first-year and transfer students who contribute to the intellectual life of the University.
1.2.2 Demonstrate ongoing improvements in the academic quality of students in undergraduate and graduate programs through measurable metrics such as national testing, external fellowships, publications, post-docs, and graduate placements with research doctorates in tenure-track academic positions.
1.2.3 Increase the number of undergraduate applications to 20,000 by 2025, maintain an admit rate below 50% of total applications, and improve the yield rate.
1.2.4 Exceed the average percentages, as reported by cohort and aspirational institutions, of total enrollment of individual racial and ethnic undergraduate minorities by 2025.
1.2.5 Engage in strategic relationships with community, educational, and religious organizations that foster access to college for racially, ethnically, and socio- economically diverse high-achieving students.
1.2.6 Leverage the number, scope, and influence of alumni to promote SMU to prospective students in the United States and around the world.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 5
1.2.7 Increase marketing and relationship-building with high school counselors, higher education colleagues, and other publics to strengthen the local and national reputation of SMU.
1.2.8 Increase the retention rate from first to second year for undergraduate students to 94% by 2025.
1.2.9 Increase the four-year and six-year graduation rates for undergraduate students to 74% and 84%, respectively, by 2025.
1.2.10 Enhance recruitment, scholarship support, and retention initiatives designed to increase the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity of the student body as well as the four- and six-year graduation rates of diverse students.
1.2.11 Increase applications for graduate admission, and improve operational processes by continuing to centralize graduate admission operations in each school to the extent permitted by school accreditors.
Objective 1.3 Improve the effectiveness of the recruitment, admission, and enrollment processes of transfer students and remove unnecessary barriers to transferring academic credits.
1.3.1 Increase the annual number of new transfer students to 600 by 2025.
1.3.2 Enhance recruitment, scholarship support, and retention initiatives for transfer students to increase the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity of the student body.
1.3.3 Enhance support for Student Affairs, Residence Life, and faculty to integrate transfer students into the SMU community, strengthening retention of transfer students and timely completion to graduation.
Objective 1.4 Attract and retain a skilled, diverse, and professional staff to support, efficiently and effectively, the academic units as centers of research, teaching, and learning.
1.4.1 Continue market-based compensation programs that facilitate competitive talent choices while remaining fiscally responsible.
1.4.2 Support awards and processes to recognize high achieving staff and promote professional development of staff through training and certification.
1.4.3 Reflect the average percentages, as reported by cohort and aspirational institutions, of total diversity among the staff, including within the managerial ranks.
Objective 1.5 Invest strategically in instruction, research, and creative interdisciplinary initiatives where SMU can be a world leader, such as high-performance computing; data science; ethics, leadership, and human development; and innovation, creativity, and entrepreneurship.
1.5.1 Leverage the new Moody School of Graduate and Advanced Studies to strengthen collaborations with other universities, major corporations and others to produce high-impact, interdisciplinary research; increase research grant funding; and boost the University’s reputation for research excellence.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 6
1.5.2 Complete design and construction of Moody Hall to house the Moody School and engage in fundraising to further enhance the $100 million gift of the Moody Foundation.
1.5.3 Develop foundational documents for the Moody School, outlining roles, responsibilities and interconnections with SMU’s other degree-granting schools.
1.5.4 Through the Moody School provide increased services and support to graduate students and post-doctoral scholars and create a forum for the interaction of faculty, students and visiting scholars.
1.5.5 Initiate, monitor, evaluate, and fine-tune as necessary the Moody Fellowship Program to attract and support the best and brightest new Ph.D. students.
1.5.6 Recruit faculty where appropriate through interdisciplinary search committees that reflect more than one discipline.
1.5.7 Develop SMU’s Data Science Institute to coordinate and facilitate interdisciplinary programs in data science, connect with other institutes and centers on campus, and encourage faculty expertise and interdisciplinary research that are based on data science and the use of big data.
1.5.8 Strengthen programming linkages for students and faculty in partnership with the George W. Bush Presidential Center.
Objective 1.6 Strengthen the Meadows Museum and University library system by expanding collections, enhancing the digital research infrastructure, and engaging with the undergraduate curriculum.
1.6.1 Carry out the strategic vision for libraries to support SMU as a global research university with a liberal arts tradition.
1.6.2 Expand the information environment by increasing library holdings to support scholarly research and teaching at the highest level.
1.6.3 Position librarians as active participants in the creative research process, including, but not limited to, digitization for primary resources, information retrieval, and curation of big data.
1.6.4 Measure progress on the criteria for ranking among the top 100 academic libraries in North America.
1.6.5 Present exhibitions to attract robust numbers of museum visitors, including students, and increase the number of courses taking advantage of museum holdings.
Objective 1.7 Continue to develop distinctive educational opportunities for the SMU-in- Taos campus.
1.7.1 Implement recommendations of the 2020 Master Plan for SMU-in-Taos.
1.7.2 Develop or maintain near-capacity enrollments at SMU-in-Taos for January, May, June, and August terms and connect with other universities to expand year- round educational usage of the campus.
1.7.3 Increase collaboration and partnerships between SMU-in-Taos and the surrounding community.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 7
GOAL TWO: TO IMPROVE TEACHING AND LEARNING
Objective 2.1 Enhance teaching and learning through innovative curricula and pedagogies that lead to critical and creative thinking and problem solving, informed by research and the use of advanced technologies.
2.1.1 Gauge the effectiveness of the peer review of teaching offered by CTE.
2.1.2 Increase the percentage of faculty using the Center for Teaching Excellence (CTE) annually to 33%.
2.1.3 Evaluate, using “Quality Matters” and other appropriate processes, the quality of online teaching and make recommendations for the continued improvement of online teaching.
2.1.4 Expand faculty training for alternative course delivery methods, including, where appropriate, online and hybrid approaches in order to foster curricular innovation.
2.1.5 Manage degree pathways and course offerings, including intersession, for timely degree completion as measured by four- and six-year graduation rates.
2.1.6 Expand online courses during intersession to reach non-SMU students.
Objective 2.2 Design, implement, and evaluate interdisciplinary programs, combining fields generally considered distinct, to reflect the interdisciplinarity of the world today.
2.2.1 Encourage students to take multiple majors and minors that span disciplines rather than “double-down” in an area, increasing the percentage of students completing interdisciplinary courses and programs.
2.2.2 Complete the integration of SMU Guildhall into the Lyle School of Engineering and Meadows School of the Arts and promote connections of Guildhall with other academic units.
Objective 2.3 Review programs to ensure excellence and alignment with the University's strategic objectives, discontinuing programs where appropriate while accommodating new educational ventures.
2.3.1 Report annually on internal and external departmental reviews.
2.3.2 Report annually on new educational programs and discontinued programs in
light of the University's strategic priorities.
Objective 2.4 Engage the community for lifelong learning through professional training
and continuing education.
2.4.1 Review best practices in continuing education, examine market studies for continuing education in North Texas, and enhance SMU's academic mission through continuing education offerings that resemble the rewarding robustness found in our aspirational peer institutions.
2.4.2 Develop new continuing education offerings, including innovative professional master's degrees and certificate programs, to serve alumni as well as new populations of learners.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 8
Objective 2.5 Increase involvement of students in internships and practical, field-based experiential learning on campus (including SMU-in-Taos), in the local community, and around the world.
2.5.1 Foster programs that use Dallas, SMU-in-Taos, the nation, and the world as a laboratory and a classroom.
2.5.2 Increase the number of students engaged in such programs.
Objective 2.6 Enhance the exposure of students to ethical thinking and behavior at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
2.6.1 Increase the number of courses fulfilling the Common Curriculum ethics requirement.
2.6.2 Increase the percentage of faculty who have been trained through the Maguire Center to incorporate more ethics as content in courses.
2.6.3 Implement required training in Responsible Conduct of Research for all Ph.D. students.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 9
GOAL THREE: STRENGTHEN SCHOLARLY RESEARCH, CREATIVE ACHIEVEMENT, AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR INNOVATION
Objective 3.1 Encourage widespread development of campuswide interdisciplinary research projects.
3.1.1 Review and act on recommendations of the task force on scholarly research and creative impact.
3.1.2 Develop a policy to enhance the effectiveness of centers and institutes in research, particularly interdisciplinary work.
3.1.3 Increase internal and external support for interdisciplinary research that positions SMU as a world leader in addressing global challenges.
3.1.4 Initiate and evaluate the seed grant program for enhancing research.
Objective 3.2 Improve infrastructure and administrative support for faculty applying for external funding to enable expanded collaborative research with corporations, foundations, governments, and educational institutions.
3.2.1 Increase annual research expenditures to $60 million by 2025.
3.2.2 Complete funding and construction of the Gerald J. Ford Hall for Research and Innovation.
3.2.3 Increase restricted and unrestricted funding for instrumentation, maintenance, and upgraded labs.
3.2.4 Revise the overhead recovery model of the University so that the support for research infrastructure increases with the growth of research grants.
3.2.5 Strengthen partnerships and collaborative development and research programs with other universities and external businesses and organizations.
Objective 3.3 Ensure the capability of high-performance computing to support research computing and utilize it as a basis for faculty recruitment and research investment.
3.3.1 Construct metrics for software and hardware for use in helping to keep SMU competitive in high-performance computing.
3.3.2 Strengthen faculty involvement in high-performance computing through collaboration among the Office of Information Technology, the Institute for Data Science, and the Center for Research Computing.
Objective 3.4 Increase financial support of doctoral programs and graduate student fellowships to encourage research and creative achievement.
3.4.1 Improve graduate fellowship support in selected core areas to comparable averages (in amount and duration) of aspirational institutions.
3.4.2 Increase the annual number of Ph.Ds. awarded to 80 by 2025, while increasing completion rate and reducing the time to completion.
3.4.3 Increase the six-year completion rate for Ph.D. degrees.
3.4.4 Increase the number of post-docs supporting research in STEM fields.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 10
Objective 3.5 Implement an updated technology transfer program.
3.5.1 Benchmark the technology transfer office against comparable offices at cohort and aspirational institutions.
3.5.2 Partner with existing technology and innovation incubators with a goal toward forming University-run incubators.
3.5.3 Seed efforts and support early stage development aimed at transitioning to funded start-ups.
3.5.4 Develop an updated tech transfer program that is fully integrated with academic programs in the schools.
3.5.5 Develop metrics to target specific numbers of applications, licensures, start- ups, etc., each year.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 11
GOAL FOUR: TO EXPAND OPPORTUNITIES FOR STUDENT DEVELOPMENT THROUGH AN ENGAGING AND SUPPORTIVE CAMPUS EXPERIENCE
Objective 4.1 Enhance critical student life programs related to student performance and retention.
4.1.1 Identify and implement best practices for programs and services that promote the retention and graduation of underrepresented minority populations.
4.1.2 Support military veterans who are students at SMU by increasing Yellow Ribbon Program funds and other sources of support.
4.1.3 Measure the implementation of bystander intervention and values programming to enhance response and knowledge of resources for emotional distress, substance abuse, and sexual assault.
4.1.4 Complete design, funding, and renovation of the Hughes-Trigg Student Center.
4.1.5 Utilize the Dr. Bob Smith Health Center to improve physical and mental health services in support of SMU students' well-being.
4.1.6 Develop formal transition programs and increase participation for graduate and transfer students to enhance their sense of belonging and connection to the University.
Objective 4.2 Assess critical student life programs to ensure that they provide for intellectual and social engagement and leadership opportunities.
4.2.1 Strengthen and assess programming that promotes social and civic engagement and community.
4.2.2 Increase faculty and student engagement in co-curricular activities in each Residential Commons.
Objective 4.3 Assess critical student life programs to ensure that they provide for understanding of personal responsibility, respect for others, and diversity.
4.3.1 Strengthen programs designed to develop student leadership and cultural competence through community service.
4.3.2 Continue the development of CIQ@SMU and assess the reach of CIQ@SMU with student, staff, and faculty groups across campus.
4.3.3 Develop values-based programming for students who are members of SMU fraternities and sororities and other student groups.
4.3.4 Implement all-Greek programming to strengthen collaboration among the four governing councils.
Objective 4.4 Enhance career services for all students by expanding partnerships with businesses, cultural and charitable organizations, and alumni.
4.4.1 Enhance ongoing collaboration among the Hegi Family Career Development Center, other career centers, and the schools to provide students with more seamless career counseling as well as residential and co-curricular experiences that support their careers and life goals.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 12
4.4.2 Continue and improve tracking of the career placement of those awarded degrees, both undergraduate and graduate.
4.4.3 Implement a career development program in collaboration with other SMU career centers to assist with post-graduation employment opportunities for SMU student-athletes.
4.4.4 Increase the internship and career opportunities for undergraduates, and, where appropriate, graduate students.
Objective 4.5 Increase academic success for student-athletes, and strengthen intercollegiate programs to increase our national competitiveness.
4.5.1 Maintain satisfactory NCAA Academic Progress Rate (APR) standards with all eligible programs posting a multiyear score of 975 or better.
4.5.2 Maintain average team GPA for each sport above 3.0.
4.5.3 Win the most conference championships annually among member institutions.
4.5.4 Enhance SMU's position in the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics (NACDA) Directors' Cup rankings.
4.5.5 Establish the clear goal of postseason participation in all sports, including postseason bowls in football and NCAA tournaments in men's and women's basketball.
4.5.6 Increase the annual Mustang Athletic Fund in Athletics by at least 3% each year.
4.5.7 Increase ticket sales and average home attendance for football, women's basketball, and men's basketball.
4.5.8 Complete funding and construction of athletics facilities for tennis, swimming, golf, soccer, and football.
Objective 4.6 Continue to implement programs that increase awareness and understanding within the SMU community of the various forms of diversity such as cultural, ethnic, gender, racial, religious, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status of North Texas.
4.6.1 Strengthen campus programs, services, and oversight of the student experience at SMU that foster respect for and inclusivity of all diverse identities, including ethnic, racial, religious, socioeconomic status, gender, and sexual orientation.
4.6.2 Strengthen support services for international students.
4.6.3 Expand the impact of CIQ@SMU across campus.
Objective 4.7 Evaluate options for providing enhanced child development, child care, and family services for faculty, staff, and students.
4.7.1 Maintain the child care center and consider the feasibility of providing additional services for students, staff, and faculty with young children.
4.7.2 Assess the feasibility of assisting members of the SMU community with access to elder care.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 13
GOAL FIVE: TO BROADEN GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES
Objective 5.1 Continue the development of new international consortial agreements at the faculty, graduate, and undergraduate levels.
5.1.1 Increase the number of signed agreements for academic and research collaboration with foreign universities, in particular Central American, South American, and Asian universities.
Objective 5.2 Expand the emphasis on global content in curricula across the University, and strengthen international studies within the overall curriculum.
5.2.1 Implement the University-wide plan for undergraduate study abroad.
5.2.2 Increase the number of undergraduates from a variety of academic programs who study abroad and advise them on how to fit study abroad into their academic careers. Increase the number of graduating SMU seniors who have studied abroad to 50% by 2025.
5.2.3 Develop sources of support for academically meritorious students with financial need to provide an international study opportunity.
5.2.4 Develop study abroad programs for intersessions.
5.2.5 Increase the number of courses that include an international experience during spring break.
5.2.6 Increase the percentage of undergraduates who graduate having completed the third semester of a second language.
5.2.7 Maintain the number of courses with a robust global focus or perspective.
5.2.8 Expand the number of majors who encourage study abroad in their curricular requirements.
Objective 5.3 Increase the international representation of students and faculty.
5.3.1 Develop sources of support for scholarships for the most academically and creatively talented international students.
5.3.2 Increase the number of faculty engagements with prospective students around the world through speaking opportunities, courses taught abroad, etc.
5.3.3 Increase the number of strategic relationships with high schools and international educational organizations (not recruitment agents) that would promote SMU to international first-year and transfer students.
5.3.4 Increase the number of international graduate and undergraduate student applications, admits, deposits, and enrollments resulting in 15% international students by 2025, with international undergraduates at a minimum of 7%.
5.3.5 Enhance services for international undergraduate students that improve retention and graduation rates.
Objective 5.4 Share research and best practices throughout the country and worldwide through interdisciplinary programs to raise SMU's visibility and reputation to the nation and the world.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 14
GOAL SIX: TO INCREASE REVENUE GENERATION AND PROMOTE RESPONSIBLE STEWARDSHIP OF RESOURCES
Objective 6.1 Develop, as appropriate, initiatives to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of University functions.
6.1.1 Evaluate the measures identified for each initiative to ensure that processes are effective, efficient, and that the goal of the initiative is achieved. Show amounts of funding redirected to the academic sector.
Objective 6.2 Develop an inclusive, transparent budgeting process that recognizes strategic priorities while lowering expenses.
6.2.1 Limit the growth in positions funded through unrestricted means to those directly supporting strategic priorities.
6.2.2 Evaluate the percentage of the budget that supports academic functions to ensure that emphasis remains on the academic mission.
Objective 6.3 Increase levels of future private support, building on the success of past campaigns.
6.3.1 Continue momentum from the previous campaign by focusing on targeted key priorities and preparing for the next campaign.
6.3.2 Complete funding for existing capital projects.
6.3.3 Continue processes and staffing structures to provide greater support for ongoing University operations, sustaining current-use giving at $50 million annually.
6.3.4 Develop new ways to cultivate and motivate major donors identified during the previous campaign, leading to new and larger future gifts; grow the number of $1 million donors to SMU from the current 155 to 200 by 2025.
6.3.5 Continue the upward trend in planned giving support, increasing the number and value of deferred gift expectancies and matured deferred gifts through 2025.
6.3.6 Continue the focus on scholarship and endowed faculty funding priorities, adding another 750 endowed scholarships by 2025, and raising the total number of endowed faculty positions to 160 by 2025.
6.3.7 Increase annually the number of volunteers involved in fundraising initiatives.
Objective 6.4 Elevate SMU's national profile to raise rankings and garner additional support for the University's strategic priorities, building on the accomplishments of SMU programs and its people.
6.4.1 Continue to support SMU branding efforts, centrally and through schools and units.
6.4.2 Build external support for the goals of the SMU Strategic Plan 2016-2025.
6.4.3 Annually expand social media use to gain new audiences, increased visibility of academic progress, and more financial support.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 15
Objective 6.5 Employ investment best practices to balance potential rewards and risks to grow a diversified endowment to increase support to the University's academic priorities.
6.5.1 Outperform policy benchmarks while managing risk.
6.5.2 Ensure a total return ranked in the top 50% cohort and aspirational universities over a business cycle.
Objective 6.6 Promote a shared sense of community at SMU to conserve resources, establish sustainable practices, and contribute to the community's livability.
6.6.1 Work to engage students, faculty, and staff in sustainability efforts that will benefit the campus and the environment.
6.6.2 Continue to seek appropriate Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) designations on all new construction and renovations.

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 16
APPENDIX A
THE SMU COLLEGE AND SCHOOLS
Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences Meadows School of the Arts
Cox School of Business
Lyle School of Engineering
Dedman School of Law
Perkins School of Theology
Annette Caldwell Simmons School of Education and Human Development Moody School of Graduate and Advanced Studies

SMU Strategic Plan, 2016-2025 (May 2020) 17
APPENDIX B
ASPIRATIONAL AND COHORT PEER INSTITUTIONS
ASPIRATIONAL PEERS Boston College
Boston University
Brandeis University Carnegie Mellon University Emory University Northeastern University Tufts University
Tulane University
University of Notre Dame University of Rochester University of Southern California Wake Forest University
COHORT PEERS
American University
Baylor University
Fordham University
George Washington University Lehigh University
Pepperdine University Syracuse University
Texas Christian University University of Denver University of Miami University of Tulsa Villanova University
